hey everybody Dr eatonson here from the
heel NPD YouTube channel bringing you
four little known facts about NPD
according to the latest edition of the
DSM fact number one lack of empathy is
not a requirement to be diagnosed with
NPD fact number two NPD is correlated
with suicide and depression fact number
three up to 50 of people diagnosed with
NPD identify as female and fact number
four according to the DSM many
individuals with NPD have low
self-esteem or fragile self-esteem and
here's a bonus fact NPD is a very
treatable disorder as long as the person
is willing to put in the work you can
check out the heel NPD YouTube channel
for more information until next time
take good care